I am told that some of you have come
for the first time, for the program here
now, for the people who have come for the first time
they have to first get their realization
that is very important.
Now, today I am feeling the atmosphere
today I think some of you have come from places
who have been to the people
who are doing black magic maybe
or some sort of a thing like that
or TSP or psychology, or to some false gurus. Some of you.
And also that there are people who are feeling guilty
if you are feeling guilty, there is a catch on this finger
but if you are caching from people
who have been in black magic and fake gurus and all that
then you catch on this finger and this thumb
also, I  think there are people who already feeling the vibrations
so we have people of all types
I am happy you have brought your children
because I am very happy with children
there are many children born, who are realised souls
And they don't understand human beings
who do not have that level
And that is a big problem
Moreover when these children grow up more
they take to new seeking
in which they fall a trap to drugs or false gurus
or some sort of a wrong thing
If the children are not given the training or understanding of the all vibrations
even if they are realised souls
they can go astray
in this modern time we cannot stop our children to go to wrong things
it's impossible, because life is such
to make them understand their value
and understand why they are on this earth
best is to give them Realisation if they are not realised at least
because they grow up, they get complicated, disappointed, frustrated
and they commit suicide also
so the interest of these children   which is progeny of our country
we have to give them Realisation
we are actually neglecting our children these days
because we are very busy
and children have so much time in hand
that they don't know what to do with themselves
once they get Realisation, they get very busy
my granddaughter, who was hardly of four, five years of age
when we went to the airport one day
she was just going like this all the time
because she is a born realised
the mother asked her "what are you doing all the time like this?"
She said: "I am trying to bind(?) all these people in the airport"
they are very very loose and running amok and they are very speedy.
like this, they go mad only.
They behave like their grandmothers I can tell you!
they understand sahaja yoga very well.
The children who are born realised, takes no time to explain to them things.
They understand it, relate to it
and they understand me very well.
Because I speak the same language as they do.
I am sure in this great country also
there must be many children many children who are born realised
if the parents and the teachers and professors get Realisation,
they will understand these great souls that are born on this Earth.
They will understand their children
and a beautiful rapport and relationship can be felt
I have seen when children see my photograph
they tell their parent: "You have to meet this Lady."
Because they understand that there is something common between Her and us
they are source of innocence for us and for the whole world.
Innocence is holiness and auspiciousness.
When we get our Realisation, our lost innocence is reestablished.
We start enjoying world like a child enjoys it. It is fun.
That is what Christ has said :
"you have to be like children to enter into the kingdom of God"
but today I find in the western countries especially children are attacked
their innocence is attacked
sometimes I feel that the countries where there is love for children
children take their birth more
that's why the birth rate is more in countries like India
after Realisation you like to spend your time with children and enjoy their company
because you enjoy their innocence as your innocence has been awakened
I am very happy that today you have brought your children with you, thank you for that
come along! come along!
alright, so for today, those who have not got their Realisation
we should see that they get their Realisation first
then I would like to work individually on all of you
to see that I establish the Realisation.
Now, those who haven't got Realisation
the sahaja yogis who are here will pay special attention.
Now, those who have not had cool breeze in their hand, yesterday
and today who have come for the first time, please raise your hands
but you are feeling cool breeze alright, aren't you?
she is born realised
what about you people?
are you feeling cool breeze in the hands?
what about you?
all born realised, they are all born realised
see they have got it
these children? are you feeling cool breeze in your hands?
my children, yes, great !
see, I told you, they don't need anything
they are already feeling it, I knew, I could see
and the little one there, are you feeling the cool breeze?
they are going to have[unclear]
what about little thing there?
are you feeling cool breeze?
yes, the next little one
alright, he is feeling
I told you, you have got more realised children
alright, so now. yes?
sahaja yogi: when I see you my heart it's much better
Shri Mataji: put your right hand on your heart, right hand
and then chanting has to be done
that: "Mother I am the Spirit !" inside
then the heart will be always be alright
because in the heart resides the Spirit
Shri Mataji: you too have a problem?
Sahaji: he is saying that the spiritual heart is on the right
Shri Mataji: no, on the left. Spiritual heart on the left
on the right there is also, we believe in that also
on the right, there is another centre
which is the father's centre
it is another aspect of God
which is a Father, who is the Father, who becomes the king
so, it is benevolent King, is the Father
and that is what is on the right-hand side
left hand is the Spirit
spirit is the reflection of the God
aspect of God, which is the witness
which is the end of our existence  because it is existence
once the heart stops, we have no existence
so, it is also the destroyer, because when it stops, you are destroyed
when you will read Sahara Yoga, gradually you will know
different centres and different places
and what is the relationship of Spirit with God, with other things
you will know, you can read it and verify it in yourself
this is when you enter into the new dimension of your awareness
where you feel the all-pervading power,
then you can understand, because with that power
you know whether that, which centre is which
any conception that we accept
without knowing personally about it, is a conception
or hypothesis
whatever I am saying is a hypothesis to you!
but when you verify it, then it's a law
it's a divine law
so keep yourself open for that
because whatever is here, may not be truth!
how to believe it?
today people have reach that stage that they definitely say:
"why do you believe this, why?
why do you believe that Christ was crucified?
why do you believe the Immaculate Conception?
why do you believe there is God?"
Now, you cannot show them Quran or Bible or Geeta
they will say: "why do you believe them also?"
because they are not connected with god
once the connection is established
you get all answers on your hands,  you can feel it
if you ask God: "is there God?"
the question, you start getting cool breeze in your hands
ask about false man: "is he true?"
you might even get burning
some are such horrid devils on this earth, that you can get blisters
now if supposing, in Germany, when Hitler came
people were realised, they would have known
that he is devil
they would not have followed him
and, if, say, at the time of Christ
if at the time of Christ
people were realised, they would not have crucified him
imagine they followed Hitler and crucified Christ
can you imagine, what happens to the brains of human beings?
so, one must have their absolute
so they can just [ UNCLEAR be] absolute
unless and until you have absolute, you can not change
that is reason, why they make such mistakes
see, that they followed Hitler and killed Christ
their interpretations: according to them was right
fine! they didn't know where they went.
Unless and until you find your absolute
how will you judge anything on absolute value?
then you will have to go on compromising all the time
your principles and everything because you don't know what is right, what is wrong
modern time are really days of confusion
a real confusion, everybody is confused
only those who are realised people get over the confusion
what all I have to tell you, that you must be born.
Again to have a value, it’s an actualisation, what is wrong is this?
Christ only said these things, isn't it?
because he didn't find people who were realised souls, he was crucified
and even when he comes people will not recognise him
if they are not realised souls.
Now, here are some children who are realised souls
immediately I knew they are realised souls
and the children also said: they are realised souls
because they are feeling cool breeze all the time.
But how will you make it out unless you know it’s a realised soul or not?
we have to open our eyes, isn't it?
whats wrong in that, I just don't understand?
it is the completion of what Christ has said
that you are to be born again
now, we have to prove that existence of Christ
and the existence of Mohammed, exictance of all these people
on some definite scientific awareness basis
on the central nervous system
the criticised will be always there, they have been always there
they criticised Christ, they criticised all great people
even Rousseau was criticised and tortured
they are always there
they are the nasty people
they always will be nasty people
they will never be able to see the right thing
and they do not also want to see that
others are also honest, who are getting Realisation
but because I am nasty fellow, I didn't get Realisation.
So, why should we criticise?
or mabye, there mabye someone who is sick
who has got problems, who is complicated
doesn't matter to me
it is the work of living God
the living work of living God, not of their tics (?)
and it should not shocked people who have been living with dead work
satisfied with dead work
I am not paid for it, I don't take any money
not that I don't need it
but Christ never took any money
did you ever hear that Christ took any money for his sermons?
He was poor carpenter.
A son, a carpenter's son
and he lived like a poor carpenter
he didn't want to have big house
he had only two robes to cover
He was king because he did not need anything
now supposing he was born as king, what I would have lived like a king
with full detachment
what  I don't understand, those who do not want Realisation
should not become like dogs in the manger
and spoil the chances of others getting Realisation.
the one who doesn't eat the grass
and all the time barks and doesn't allow the cows to eat the grass.
He can't eat the grass, also
is very childish, the thing
and stupid to brand somebody as something.
It is very good to say, you are Victorian, you are this, that
this is not the way you are going to solve the problem
That’s the way we took Christ, exactly.
you see, you don't have to judge me
you better judge yourself
the time has come for that.
alright, now we should try and get our Realisation
and then we should try and see why we don't get
and we should try to fix up with people who got it
now those who have got Realisation.